You sought to become a great lord of Lothric, by any means. You failed.
Youre a lowly murderer, hanged in ages past and forgotten about.
You were a poet, writing the tales of knights and damsels, singing them to court.
A thief. Nothing more, and nothing less. You stole the earnings of any you could.
A great warrior. You were beloved by many for your deeds. And loathed by many more.
You were a sage, constantly trying to unpick the hidden history of the Lords of Cinder. You didnt get very far.
All the ancient knights of Lothric needed squires. You were one, tending to their weapons and armour, waiting your chance to become a knight yourself.
Dungeons need warders, keeping their prisoners safely incarcerated, no matter what their sin might be. You were keeper of the keys.
A killer for hire is an ugly name, for an ugly job. But it was your ugly job, and you were good at it.
You were an archivist, preserving the fragments of ancient wisdom that survived the ages. If only you could recall any of it.
You lived by your wits, a gambler, a drunkard, a sot. None liked you, but you didnt care.
Physicians cure the sick, bring life to the dying. You sought to heal, but what purpose your craft in this world where undeath touches everything?
You raised a family, tilled the fields, cultivated crops. Until the darkness came.
Theres always been a need for graves. You dug them, hauled the corpses to them, and filled them in again.
You were a bandit; hiding in the hills and raiding villages when you got the chance.
An apprentice to a sorcerer you sought the mysteries of the beyond, in books and teachings. Maybe you found them.
An alchemist was what they called you. All you cared for was the perfect combination of substances, achieving the ideal effect.
You preached the message to the faithful; gathering your flock, and reassuring them of salvation. Did you believe any of it?
You were a brutal master, working your servants to death. Can you ever be redeemed?
A knight. Youre certain. One of those who rode steeds and sought quests to prove your virtue. Definitely. That was you.
